I love it and welcome back to war
thunder I'm Courtney Switzerland today
I'm driving around the tiger each one in
a simulator battle during the simulator
battle event where the I guess you sort
of only see the best tanks on both sides
the team lists in this game are T 30-45
thinkers and su-152 maybe a kv-2 and
then our team is almost entirely Tigers
another gripe I have against the
simulator battle event is the you really
only see like two tanks you'll see the
strongest tank on one side of the
strongest think on the other side and
all the other tanks are just kind of us
almost but that's not really the point
in this video I want to kind of take
this video to talk about the tiger
itself a lot of people I remember people
were asking for a revisit of this tank
and I played this game and I enjoyed it
and I felt like maybe during this game
it's a good time to talk about it so the
tiger that I reviewed however long ago
was was before American tanks it was
actually before it had the little
headlights removed on the front of the
tank since then obviously the headlights
removed and American tanks been reduced
and the Tigers I guess lifestyle has
changed the headlights I mean I never
really noticed it but apparently they
lost you lost gun depression over them
which now something they fixed it
whatever doesn't I didn't think it was a
big deal the battle rating the Tigers
still the same it's just the tanks at
its tier now are really strong 5.7 is
not an easy
mainly because of the Sherman's and the
Jumbo variants both the e2 with the 75
millimeter gun is a very effective
machine as the short belt 75 so it can't
really deal with tigers arranged but
from the sides it certainly can from the
rear extension at close range with ap
rounds and the tiger kind of struggles
to hurt it from the front there's the
machine gun port that you can shoot
through but other than that it's very
difficult now t30 45s on the other hand
can deal with I'm going to absolutely
make hash of trying to kill this guy
well there's lots of other tanks around
here so we're gonna have plenty of
targets now the Jumbo with the 76 mo
meter gun that guy is dangerous it's
been the bane of tigers for a very long
time and with the introduction of tiger
ii which is you know the variant after
this one at a six point O battle rating
a lot of people felt like that might be
enough to sort of stem the jumbo tide
but in my experience I don't know if the
tiger ii is kind of what is going to so
quote unquote save the tiger each one's
the APC our round is useful but jump is
still really really really powerful pain
and there's just not a lot you can do
about it now you'll notice right here
that i am focusing on this guy on the
corner and that guy is actually still
alive but he's just sitting so still I
thought he was dead
trying to kill this guy the two 30-45
supper plate when it's angled like that
is a very very tough nut to crack but he
really should never have sat out here to
trade shots with me it's not going to
work and this guy's been moving so I
mean he's a much easier kill so you
should always take the very easy one
especially when it's basically free that
guy was a fairytale it was going to be
mine now this guy I need to shoot it
through the face of his turret if I can
do that damn that was a really powerful
hit right there he's basically out of
action for the next probably 30 to 45
seconds maybe even a minute depending on
what his repair speed is so it's safe
for me to move forward now engage
targets that are a little bit farther
down this Ridge but back to the tiger
the tiger really kind of fell off thanks
to the introduction of the jumbo
variance and the tiger i reviewed was
very much was a very powerful tank I
felt like it was I felt like it was a
very strong tank but it had its place in
the tech trees it was cool it was I
guess quote unquote balanced as balanced
as you can be now it's I mean when it
faces American competition its weak it
just it's just weak there's not much to
discuss about it when you face Russian
competition like T 30-45 s it's no
problem and think everything I kill in
this game is T 30-45 but the
and even then the t-34 a 30-45 can deal
with tigers it's not a given night they
can be kilt that the tiger will win I
mean that first tee 30-45 engagement
with the guy failed to penetrate like a
billion times he his issue was is that I
was only paused perfect I was playing it
properly and only presenting angled
front armor so it was making his life
more difficult but he could still deal
with me there was it was absolutely not
a foregone conclusion that he that I
would win the engagement however with
Jumbo's especially against tiger each
one's which I mean our logical
competition because they sit same battle
rating yeah the Jumbo one's just about
every time so I guess the the Tigers in
a very interesting role because it has
this mystique about being this you know
super tank almost you know it's a heavy
tank it couldn't be stopped couldn't be
heard it only it only failed because our
quote unquote failed because it was
still was pretty successful machine
because of mechanical problems and
things like that it wasn't it wasn't the
power of the gun or the armor that you
know did the weakness of the armor the
army was pretty good it's just the
transmission couldn't hold up you know
this time the other thing we're broke
just broke all time
so the thing is that's not how war
thunders plate that's not how tank games
are played tanks are matched up against
quote-unquote balanced opponents and
with the Jumbo in the game at the 5.7
battle rating that's your opponent and
it's a very tough target to deal with so
i guess to revisit this tank is almost
to say that nothing's changed it's just
you have to deal with Jumbo's now and
that's a significant change in terms of
gameplay however at this tier I don't
think there's any other way you can play
this tank and the I mean the Panther has
better armor but this 88 millimeter gun
is pretty good against everything except
John Moses but very effective so I guess
net not a lots changed I know people
were very anxious for me to come back to
the tiger review baby I just can't think
of that many things that really swapped
out the tank is basically the same sure
that had like two removed well that's
almost like whatever do it that doesn't
make a difference to me but the
introduction of American tanks have
really changed its role in life it I'm
glad that they made the realistic
battles sort of mixed where Germans can
play with Americans or Russians because
it helps to balance things out just
Germans verse just Americans Americans
should win most of the time so anyway I
know it's a short little revisit but
there wasn't a lot to say and I just had
this gameplay sit around i want to show
cuz i had a fun game in the tiger and i
hope you hope you've been enjoying your
games as well so anyway that's all for
this video thanks for watching i'm corny
swiss i'll see you next time